Add Kafka test utils documentation (#245)
ghga-de/hexkit: user_guide/providers/kafka/test_utils.qmd

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-->

The `hexkit.providers.akafka.testutils` module provides pytest fixtures and
helpers for testing event-driven services against a real, disposable Kafka
broker. The broker runs in a container managed by
[testcontainers](https://testcontainers-python.readthedocs.io/), so integration
tests exercise actual broker semantics — topics, partitions, offsets, retention —
without any external infrastructure. All that is required is a working Docker
(or compatible) daemon.

Install hexkit with the `test-akafka` extra to use these utilities (it adds
testcontainers and the pytest plugins on top of the `akafka` extra):

```bash
pip install hexkit[test-akafka]
```

> For unit tests that should not touch a broker at all, hexkit also ships an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For unit tests that should not use a live broker, hexkit also ships an
```

context block exits:

```python
async with kafka.record_events(in_topic="notifications") as recorder:
    ...  # run the service logic

assert len(recorder.recorded_events) == 2
assert recorder.recorded_events[0].type_ == "email_sent"
```

Both `expect_events()` and `record_events()` only consider events published
*inside* the context block: on entry, the recorder notes the topic's current
offsets, and on exit it consumes exactly the events published since then. This
also means the recorder never waits indefinitely for events that were expected
but not published — it simply reports the mismatch.

If you need to compare manually recorded events against expectations later,
the module-level `check_recorded_events()` function performs the same
validation that `expect_events()` runs on exit.

### Managing Broker State

- `clear_topics(topics=..., exclude_internal=True)` deletes all events from
  the given topic(s), or from all topics when none are specified (internal
  `__`-prefixed topics are excluded by default). The `kafka_fixture` calls
  this before every test; call it yourself to separate phases within one test
  or when using the persistent fixture. Compacted topics are handled

>   transparently by temporarily switching their cleanup policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  by temporarily switching their cleanup policy.
```

  `get_topic_config(topic=..., config_name=...)` do the same for arbitrary
  topic configuration values.

## Common Testing Patterns

### Testing the Publishing Side

Wrap the service logic in `expect_events()` and let it assert that the right
events — and only those — were published:

```python
@pytest.mark.asyncio
async def test_greeting_published(kafka: KafkaFixture):
    async with KafkaEventPublisher.construct(config=kafka.config) as publisher:
        emitter = GreetingEmitter(config=greeting_config, publisher=publisher)

        async with kafka.expect_events(
            events=[
                ExpectedEvent(
                    payload={"user_id": "abc123", "text": "Hello, Jane!"},
                    type_="greeting_sent",
                    key="abc123",
                )
            ],
            in_topic="greetings",
        ):
            await emitter.greet(user_id="abc123", name="Jane")
```

### Testing the Consuming Side

Publish an inbound event with `publish_event()`, then run a real
[`KafkaEventSubscriber`](subscriber.qmd) with `run(forever=False)`, which
consumes exactly one event and returns. Assert on the side effects in the

> service's core:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish an inbound event with `publish_event()`, then run a real
[`KafkaEventSubscriber`](subscriber.qmd) with `run(forever=False)`, which
consumes exactly one event and returns. Note that because the consumer waits for an event even if `forever=False`, your tests might hang if no event is published to the specified topic. Assert on the side effects in the service's core:
```
This is a detail worth including and something we should patch at some point.
